there's something about a soldier hey
Sonny where the soldier that is 555 I'm
I'll be telling you what's fun about
these guys to Chelsea pensioners as they
prepare to release her debut album men
in scarlet now despite having an average
age of 79 a group of Chelsea pensioners
are hoping for success in the music
industry our entertainment correspondent
Brendon manis has been to meet the
veteran singers who have just signed a
record deal soldier there's something
about a soldier that is fine fine fine
and these ex servicemen were in fine
voice as they gave us a taste of their
talent the Chelsea pensioners may be
older than The Rolling Stones and the
Beatles but they've collectively earned
more gongs and are heading for the
charts this autumn with their debut
album hoping to raise much-needed funds
to refurbish their historic dormitories
at the Royal Hospital in Chelsea there's
something about that is fine my hospital
is a registered charity which receives
government aid towards day-to-day
running does not have any assistance
with capital development which is very
badly needed now to improve some of our
rather ancient residential accommodation
it may have taken them a lifetime to
make their first album but they hope
it's worth it it's full of forces
favorites in wartime classics like white
cliffs of Dover pennies from heaven
goodnight sweetheart and bless em all 30
of the births in the dormitories have
already been modernised yet there are
300 more to do at an estimated cost of
32 million pounds see now I've got my
own study racketeering right read or
whatever and then we have my wet room
which is fantastic compared with the old
Bert sad and this is my bedroom now with
a window where I can look out and see
the world fantastic so the idea would be
that every all all of the 300 bursts
that end up looking like what we want
that's what we aim for
nitesh we've got to raise the money for
how well every pension wannabes own
ensuite like this well it's all the
ensuite can I think one of your sweets
please do us back to the nest egg roll
so it's posh bedrooms and a rock and
roll lifestyle when the album is
released this November Brent dreaminess
BBC London news okay time for the
weather with Peter and his green coat
yes green